[Music]
eight natural ways to fight spider and
varicose veins we all want perfect legs
but is it possible when you have those
swollen purple varicose veins don't
worry this problem can be solved within
weeks just follow these recipes and your
legs will not only look incredible
but you'll also prevent the progression
of varicose veins want to know all the
details think keep watching but before
you forget about spider veins once and
for all hit subscribe and turn on this
little notification bell there you go
now you won't miss any of the exciting
updates coming daily from the bright
side of life
number eight apple cider vinegar thanks
to its anti-inflammatory properties
apple cider vinegar is an excellent
treatment for spider and varicose veins
it helps to bring down the swelling and
also improves blood flow to try it out
dip a cotton ball or a piece of cloth in
a solution of apple cider vinegar
diluted with an equal amount of water
place this mixture over the affected
veins and leave it for about 20 to 30
minutes when the time's up rinse it off
with water and there you go all you have
to do is repeat this procedure twice a
day you'll see positive changes right
away here's another method for using
apple cider vinegar simply apply it to
the affected skin and gently massage the
area this technique needs to be done
every day before going to bed and again
the next morning be sure to avoid
applying too much pressure while you
massage the areas
number seven garlic orange juice and
olive oil each of these products works
amazingly well by itself but together
they form a truly must-have combination
garlic contains a compound called
allicin which helps to prevent blood
vessels from becoming inflamed in
addition it removes harmful toxins from
the body and improves your overall
health condition adding orange juice and
olive oil will only double these effects
the recipe is simple crush six garlic
cloves and mix them with two tablespoons
of olive oil and the freshly squeezed
juice of three oranges let this unusual
mixture sit for about 12 hours yes you
heard us correctly this mixture should
be used daily so you have to be prepared
after 12 hours you can apply the mixture
to your veins in circular motions for
about 15 minutes until it's fully
absorbed into your skin you can also
wrap the area with a cloth and leave it
for 15 minutes to reduce the size of
your veins
by the way consuming at least 1 clove of
garlic every day is really useful as
well
after all you should treat the problem
from the inside too right number 6
parsley
parsley is one of the most beneficial
natural products for treating varicose
veins the main reason for its efficiency
is that it's packed with vitamin C and
Rutten which helps to restore and
strengthen the capillaries thus reducing
the pain and discomfort caused by
varicose veins to see parsley work it's
magic chop a handful of it and put it
into a cup of water boil the parsley for
about 5 to 7 minutes and allow it to
cool
add a little essential oil to it dip a
cotton ball in the finished mixture and
apply it to the affected areas just like
with all the previous recipes you have
to do this
twice a day until you no longer see
those annoying blue and red lines on
your legs don't forget to add parsley to
your meals as well it works wonders for
boosting your immune system number 5
witch hazel witch hazel is another cool
alternative for treating swollen veins
it contains tannins and volatile oils
that help to restore the structure of
veins making them look more natural for
a witch hazel home remedy take a piece
of cloth or a cotton ball soaked it in
witch hazel and place it on the affected
area for about 10 to 15 minutes make
sure you repeat this procedure two or
three times a day for one month until
you notice your veins getting better
number four cabbage
cabbage leaves are a wonderful source of
all kinds of vitamins fiber magnesium
calcium and potassium all of which are
greatly beneficial for your health
luckily these highly nutritious
components can also reduce the swelling
of veins chop up some cabbage leaves
blend them and add some water to make a
fine paste apply the finished paste to
the swollen areas and cover them with a
cotton cloth the goal is to leave it on
for two hours when the time has passed
rinse off the base with water if you
want to see results more quickly
repeat this process daily for about a
month the effect definitely won't
disappoint you
number three ginger ginger is a secret
weapon for treating spider veins
due to its antioxidant nature it helps
to minimize the risk of the appearance
of varicose veins even better news is
that ginger dissolves a blood protein
called fibrin and improves circulation
so meet the only non homemade remedy on
our list delicious and extremely helpful
ginger tea cut a piece of fresh ginger
into pieces add them to a glass of
boiling water and let it simmer for
about ten minutes then strain the water
and add some honey done drink this
ginger tea two to three times a day and
combine its consumption with some of the
other procedures from our list the
results will be truly outstanding number
two olive oil and vitamin E olive oil is
well known for its healthy properties
but who knew that it could treat spider
veins to add vitamin E to the mix and
you'll get a dream combo that provides
relief from feelings of heaviness and
makes your skin soft and elastic what a
bonus to get the best out of these
ingredients mix olive oil and vitamin E
in equal proportions slightly warm this
mixture over low heat apply it to the
skin and massage it for a few minutes
with upward motions don't forget to
repeat this once or twice a day for two
months
here's an alternative solution for olive
oil mix two teaspoons of olive oil with
four to five drops of Cypress oil stir
this combo well and massage it into your
leg
on average you'll see results within one
or two weeks way quicker right number
one aloe vera
carrot and apple cider vinegar aloe vera
has exceptionally rich nutritional and
anti-inflammatory properties which makes
it the number one natural remedy for all
skin related problems but when combined
with carrot and apple cider vinegar it
creates one of the most efficient
methods of all time for shrinking
swollen veins so let's see what it's all
about
first of all extract the gel from three
aloe vera leaves then pass one carrot
through a food processor and mix it with
the aloe vera gel to finish the recipe
add half a cup of apple cider vinegar
and make a smooth paste the rest is the
same for pretty much every remedy apply
the paste over your veiny areas and
leave it on for 30 minutes
just remember to wash it off afterward a
lot of people prefer to apply it before
going to bed leave it overnight and
rinse everything off with cold water the
next morning so it's really up to you to
decide which method you like best
and there you go these are some of the
best homemade remedies for the treatment
of varicose veins but even though all
the remedies we've talked about today
really do work doctors also recommend
making a few lifestyle and dietary
changes to maintain the long-term
effects
first and foremost make regular physical
activities your best friend swim walk do
yoga or run the more you move the better
your blood circulates and let's be real
all this can not only help you forget
about spider veins but also get you a
perfect figure another important rule is
to consume foods rich in vitamin C and E
these elements act as antioxidants and
immune system boosters making them
irreplaceable in the fight against
varicose veins and don't forget about
compression stockings either they're a
wonderful way to keep your veins in the
right position and reduce the pressure
finally stay as far away from tight
clothes and high heels as you can
we know the last one is almost
impossible for the majority of women but
even if you decide to wear them at least
try to limit the time you do so your
veins will only thank you for it so what
about you do you have any tricks of your
own for how to fight varicose veins tell
us in the comments below if you found
this video informative give us a like
and share it with your friends who have
a similar problem for more Brightside in
your life click Subscribe and join us
that's all for now
but we'll see you soon